feat: Initial commit for REST commands functionality update (#229)
edgexfoundry/device-rest-go: README.md

EdgeX device service for REST protocol

> This device service supports two-way communication. REST server provides easy way for 3'rd party applications, such as Point of Sale, CV Analytics, etc., to push data into EdgeX via the REST protocol. REST client allows EdgeX to send GET and PUT request to end device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This device service supports two-way communication for commanding. REST endpoints provides easy way for 3'rd party applications, such as Point of Sale, CV Analytics, etc., to push async data into EdgeX via the REST protocol. Commands allows EdgeX to send GET and PUT request to end device. 
```

The locally built Docker image can then be used in place of the published Docker image in your compose file.
See [Compose Builder](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-compose/tree/main/compose-builder#gen) `nat-bus` option to generate compose file for NATS and local dev images.

> ## REST Server

Reviewer: Please revert this change. Original name is correct.

Reviewer: Create two sections and this. Existing one is Async and new one is Commands. In Commands device service endpoint is `/api/v2/device/name/{deviceName}/{resourceName}`. Add text about GET and PUT to these endpoints and how the service translates those to GET and PUT to the end REST device.

This device service creates the additional parametrized `REST` endpoint:

> End device will be pushing data to these endpoints. For this end device will be running with REST client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End device will be pushing async data to these endpoints.
```

    [DeviceList.Protocols.other]
```

### Device Profile

As with all device services the `device profile` is where the **Device Name**, **Device Resources** and **Device Commands** are define. The parameterized REST endpoint described above references these definitions. Each `Device` has it's own device profile. There are three sample device profiles that define the devices referenced in the above sample configuration.

- [**sample-image-device**](cmd/res/profiles/sample-image-device.yaml)
- [**sample-json-device**](cmd/res/profiles/sample-json-device.yaml)

> - [**sample-numeric-device**](cmd/res/profiles/sample-numeric-device.yaml)

Reviewer: Add the new profile here.

> ### Testing/Simulation of REST server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing/Simulation
```

Reviewer: Create subsections for Async (existing) and Commands (new content)

    500.568
    ```

> ## REST Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Commands
```

This device service allows EdgeX to send GET/PUT request to end device.
End device will respond to GET and PUT requests received from EdgeX. For this end device will be running REST server.

### Configuration

To use this device service, device profile and device file needs to be configured. 
This device service use the standard configuration defined by the **Device SDK**. 

The `DeviceList` configuration is standard except that it is mandatory to provide end device parameters in the `DeviceList.Protocols.EndDevice_Params` structure. The following is a sample `DeviceList` that works with the sample device profiles referenced below. `path` parameter is optional.

```toml
[[DeviceList]]
  Name = "2way-rest-device"
  ProfileName = "sample-2way-rest-device"
  Description = "RESTful Device that sends data"
  Labels = [ "rest", "2way-rest-device" ]
  [DeviceList.Protocols]
    [DeviceList.Protocols.REST]
	  Host = "127.0.0.1"
	  Port = "5000"
	  Path = "api"
  [[DeviceList.AutoEvents]]
    Interval = "20s"
    OnChange = false
    SourceName = "json"
```

### Device Profile

> This section shows sample device profile defined for REST client functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows sample device profile defined for 2 way REST device functionality.
```

- [**sample-2way-rest-device**](cmd/res/profiles/sample-2way-rest-device.yaml)

> ### Testing/Simulation of REST client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing/Simulation Commands
```

> This device service supports commanding functionality for the data types as shown in below table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This device service supports commanding functionality with a sample profile for the data types as shown in below table.
```

| Data Type | GET                | PUT                |
|---------	|------------------- |------------------- |
| Binary	| :heavy_check_mark: | :X				  |
| Object	| :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Bool	   	| :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| String	| :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Uint8		| :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Uint16	| :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Uint32	| :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Uint64	| :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Int8	    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Int16	    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Int32	    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Int64	    | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Float32   | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |
| Float64   | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark: |

> Using `curl` command-line utility or `PostMan` we can test commanding functionaity of the REST device service.

Reviewer: Please explain how to use these tools to provide the 2way rest device that is responding to the GET and PUT requests

Author: @lenny-intel , We are using nodejs based REST emulator as end devices for testing this. CURL commands for sending GET/PUT request to EdgeX.

Reviewer: > We are using nodejs based REST emulator as end devices for testing this

Great, can you include this in a subfolder with directions on using it?

> **GET Request**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GET Command**
```

Example GET request to `int8` device resource using curl command-line utility is as shown below.
```
   $ curl --request GET http://localhost:59882/api/v2/device/name/2way-rest-device/int8
```
`2way-rest-device` is the device name as defined in the device file.
Example expected success response from the end device is as shown below.

```
   {
   "apiVersion" : "v2",
   "event" : {
      "apiVersion" : "v2",
      "deviceName" : "2way-rest-device",
      "id" : "46baf3d5-98fd-4073-b52e-801660b01ce6",
      "origin" : 1670506568209119757,
      "profileName" : "sample-2way-rest-device",
      "readings" : [
         {
            "deviceName" : "2way-rest-device",
            "id" : "c7d4d4fe-13f5-423a-8d62-0e57f8dbc063",
            "origin" : 1670506568209111164,
            "profileName" : "sample-2way-rest-device",
            "resourceName" : "int8",
            "value" : "111",
            "valueType" : "Int8"
         }
      ],
      "sourceName" : "int8"
   },
   "statusCode" : 200
   } 
```

> **PUT Request**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**SET Command**
```
